
# Gemeni Explorer

Gemeni Explorer is an interactive chat application powered by Vertex AI and Streamlit. It leverages the advanced capabilities of Vertex AI's generative models to engage users in meaningful conversations. The application introduces 'ReX', an assistant modeled to interact with users using an engaging mix of emojis and a pirate-like dialect.

## Features

- Interactive chat interface built with Streamlit.
- Integration with Vertex AI Generative Models for dynamic conversation generation.
- Customizable conversation parameters for tailored user experiences.

## Installation

To get started with Gemeni Explorer, follow these steps:

1. Ensure you have Python installed on your system. If not, download and install it from [python.org](https://www.python.org/).

2. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/moe-auda/gemini-explorer
   ```

3. Navigate into the project directory:
   ```
   cd gemeni-explorer
   ```

4. Install the required dependencies:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

5. Initialize your Vertex AI project by replacing `'gemeni-explorer'` in the code with your actual project name.

## Usage

To run Gemeni Explorer:

1. Start the Streamlit application:
   ```
   streamlit run app.py
   ```

2. Interact with ReX through the chat interface. You can start by introducing yourself or asking questions.

3. Explore different conversations and enjoy the unique responses generated by the model.

## Contributing

Contributions to Gemeni Explorer are welcome! Here's how you can contribute:

- **Report Bugs**: Open an issue describing the bug and how to reproduce it.
- **Suggest Enhancements**: Have an idea to make Gemeni Explorer better? Open an issue with your suggestions.
- **Submit Pull Requests**: Feel free to fork the repository and submit PRs with bug fixes or enhancements.


Thank you for exploring Gemeni Explorer. Enjoy your adventures with ReX!
